docs: cli: add information about coder update command (#606)
cdr/docs: cli/installation.md

```console
coder tokens create my-token
```

## Update

To update the CLI to the version corresponding to your current Coder deployment,
run (you will be asked to confirm all changes before they're performed):

```console
coder update
```

The `coder update` command accepts the following arguments:

- `--coder`: specify the Coder instance the CLI should use to query the version
- `--version`: specify the version that the CLI should download and upgrade to
- `--force`: omit prompts asking for change confirmations

> **Note:** Coder CLI will not update if it is under certain paths.

Reviewer: @johnstcn can we expand on this note a bit? are there specific paths the user should watch out for? or, conversely, should the user make sure the cli stays in its default location?

Author: Updated with specifics!

> **Note:** Coder CLI will not update if it is under certain paths.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** Coder CLI will not update if it is located under `/var/tmp/coder` or `C:\Windows`.
```
